"""

    lang.to.py - More Information
    
    Language notes for the "to" Lea Faka-Tonga (Tongan Language)
    
"""

The purpose of the lang.to.py module is to facilitate transforming
text that includes characters not in the "to" Tongan alphabet.
[Useful: Reference to UTF language character set.]

Notable non-ascii characters, with *significant* implications in the
language include vowels with Macrons and the Glottal.

Tongan Language users regularly converse in multiple lingua, both
regional and multinational. To facilitate this general phenomena
we explicitly include the full ascii character set whereas they
are not all part of the defined alphabet.

What is a word.

Without reference to a dictionary (is that another
project beckoning?) We attempt here to algorithmically define what
are legitimate constructs to what may legitimately be a word.

This program will attempt to read text (not just single word perline
entries) and surmise from there what might be legitimate language
words for the puzzle generation.

    Word Boundaries:
    
    Word boundaries are where the algorithm determines the letter
    or character is not part of the acceptable letters in a word.
    
    For example, "plaxton:" , 'plaxton' are letters in the accepted
    alphabet, but ":" (colon) is not part of a legitimate word
    and when encountered will determine a 'word-boundary'

    Glottals:
    
    Glottals (fakau'a) is an explicit character of the Tongan Language
    Alphabet. In writing it precedes vowels, either at the beginning
    or middle of a word.
    
    Single quotes are transposed as glottals and therefore either
    follows the above definition of use or is deemed as a word boundary
    
    exist before vowels
    (at the beginning, inside, at the end)

(at the beginning, inside) Glottal's are legal within words as accentuations, and are more commonly written with the standard single quote.

This makes it difficult (without an existing dictionary) to ascertain which are parts of a word, as opposed to being layout for quotations.

Sample words with glottal marks include:

    'Otua
    fakau'a
    fe'ao
    'Ene'io
    
A simplified rule is to retain all uses of single-quotes bounded by legitimate characters. Glottals at the beginning of a word will need to be verified with a dictionary

(at the end) Observations of using Glottal's at the end of a word are either closing of a quotation, or another form of notation to determine the preceeding vowel needs to be accentuated.

WordBreaker

* User a supporting class, WordBreaker:

  > Takes a line of text
  > strips based on punctuation marks (except glottal/single quotes)
  > remove glottal/single quotes at end of word